Windows fix [ Partial / 'tough' crate only ] (#342)
awslabs/tough: README.md

**tuftool** is a Rust command-line utility for generating and signing TUF repositories.

> ## ❗ Warnings
> ### Windows
> - Tests *will* break under windows if ; before cloning ; you don't set the git flag `core.autocrlf = input`. This is due to the fact that some tests require some test files to have a *precise* byte size and that `core.autocrlf` makes some files bigger while converting from LF to CLRF.
> - The build process requires [Cygwin](https://cygwin.com/install.html) to work properly.
> - Some integration tests require [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop) to work properly.
> ### UNIX/Linux
> - Integration tests require `docker` to work.
> 

Reviewer: I think the requirement for `docker` should be clear enough for users of any platform.

I think the idea of warning Windows developers about the potential for line ending changes to cause failing tests is a good one. I changed the working to say that we have mitigated it with a .gitattributes file (as suggested above), but I think the warning is still valid because I could see how the issue could pop-up somewhere else over time.

```suggestion
## Integration Testing

Integration tests require `docker`.

### Windows❗ Warning

Tests can break on Windows if Git's `autocrlf` feature changes line endings.
This is due to the fact that some tests require files to have a *precise* byte size and hash signature.
We have mitigated this with a `.gitattributes` file in the test data directory.
```

Author: I'll edit that, but I think that still warning users that cygwin is required for integration tests to run is important ; because we are still using `run.sh` and `teardown.sh` for integration tests and installing only make for windows wouldn't work because of the .sh files that need a bash-like environment to run.

Author: I moved this info into a comment in the `Cargo.toml` file, under the `integ` feature comment.

Reviewer: Sorry I removed the cygwin statement from this readme suggestion by mistake. It can be added back to the Windows warning here.

Author: Oh, no problem, putting it back in https://github.com/awslabs/tough/pull/342/commits/cad8d347008ffaf834caf270177b617052f9c94a
